# Entry 6
##### 06/01/2022

### Content
In this blog, which is the final blog for Sep 11 Javascript course, I will be talking about the main takeaways from working with the tool Aframe, and the feedback I got from my classmates and judges in the Sep expo. I think this blog is extremely significant because I am reflecting on the pros and cons of my project after a long period of time. Not only that, writing this blog will also allow me to come up with future ideas if I were to use this tool in my major. One of the key take away from the Sep expo is that my tool/ design is not very usable, this is because when the freedom project was first assigned. I just want it to be able to see the structure of a house, so I didn't think about the functionality but walking and being able to rotate the camera entity. Click here to view If you click on the link, you will see that there is really nothing much you can do with the scene because it is a plain field where you walk around and see a structure of the house. Which is something architecture engineering does, so i think is more like what major you want to pursue in then you can decide whether this tool is helpful and usable for you. And here is the [pitch](../README.md i gave to my judge during the expo. If you tap in the link, you will mainly see my focus on electrical engineering and architecture, because both field require a lot of drawings and putting designs onto the paper, so this is the perfect tool for me when I step in this field but i just have to make it more usable, which means I can make certain parts of the house touchable and pop up with a link with explanation of how this part of the house contribute to the support.
Besides the takeaway I got from the expo judging, I was also able to grab some ideas from my presentation. As I presented my tool and my final product to the classroom, I was able to see my skills. For example in my takeaway slide I mentioned that " remember to draft before you code the scene." This was one of the greatest and strongest feedback I got from the class because I explained to my classmates that, if you want to be an engineer or any business later on in life, make sure you plan out before you start working towards your MVP. THis was one of the mistakes I had, because I believe whenever I have new ideas I can just import into the scene but I was wrong because sometimes it won't fit the size of my base. So it is super important that you are clear of what you want to do before coding into your scene or website.
### Engineering process
Currently I am in process 7 and 8 which is improving as needed and also communicating the result. At this point I am done with the freedom project because I made my MVP and also added on extra designs. So I am looking over the notes and my product to see where I can improve on upcoming projects and what other approaches I could've taken instead of using mainly HTML. And communicate the result because when I look at my product I will ask myself why did I place this part here and why did I choose this color for this part. All these kinds of questions will always occur when people or myself look at the A-frame scene. And with the two skills together, I was able to get some takeaways and understand my tools a lot more at the end.
### skills
The two main skills I focused on at the end of my freedom project tool are time management and organization. Towards the end of learning my freedom project tool, I was a little slacking behind, the reason being is that my mindset was not at the right stage which means a lot of the stuff was rushed to get done and not all efforts were put into the work. Organization was another skill I had to practice. Over the 6 months of researching and learning there were a lot of useful and unnecessary notes I took down. Which means I have to look over and delete the notes that I don't need. Looking at my notes was not the only way I organized my stuff, I also looked at my final product to see what are the main things I used for the tool and I can bring that with me into my future career.

[Previous](entry05.md) | [Next](entry07.md)

[Home](../README.md)
