# Entry 1
##### 11/08/2021
### Over the course of Sep9 and Sep10. I am now landed on the Sep11 which is javascrit which is data and strutrues like differnt shapes at certain positions. For this year's freedom project I want to do something different than my previous freedom projects, previous freedom project I did things related to envionmental issues and how I can create solutions to attack those issues. However this year I want to build a strutures of  "my" future house. The reason why this idea spark my mind in the Sep11 course is because I got a summer job working at an eletrical company, everyday I will touching wires and learn how power can support throught out the whole building. And sometimes because of the struture of the building, the pipes are a lot harder for wres to run throught than a stiaght pipe around the floor. So I decided to use the Aframe tools to streture out my "dream house" so in the future if i have the opputites to I can make things a lot more easier for myself.
### [Aframe](https://aframe.io/) is a web framework for building virtual reality (VR) experiences, this tools involves many compoents such as geometries, materials, lights, animations, models, raycasters, shadows, positional audio, text, and controls for most major headsets. Here is the link to get a previou of what Aframe is about. The geometries of Aframe will be what foucs on the most, a struture of a building/house is mainly built with many differnt shapes which involves many geometires in the Aframe tool. Using the geometires in the aframe tool I will code out a house streture look something like [Boom](https://civildigital.com/major-parts-reinforced-concrete-buildings-framed-structures/).
### Right now I am currently in the Planning in the engineering design process. I just got exposed with the javascript course, this means I am still learing all the basic stuff of the codes. So stuff like positions, function, refactor and just basically elements that will help to run and read my codes easier when I code out my project/model. Also using what I have known from the previous class lessons to brainstorm what my possiable outcome will look like, which is the model I showed at the end of first paragraph, because I know later on in the course there might be more materials covered that will help me code out my project in easier and more usable ways so now I can just build the image in my head and as I learn more about Aframe I can apply the codes and the idea in mind together.
### Skills I am using now for a start of my freedom project are Growth mindset and creativity. Having a growth mindset as a start of something is always important, especially when we planning out a big project like this one. There are a lot of things to be research about and sometimes it might feel overwhlemed, so we need to have a stable mindset that will allow us to understand that things won't be done quick and easy but it might require more than a day or two, and to understand that IT IS OKAT to ask for help! Also creativity is another skill I am using for the beginning of my project because I can't just have a triangle as the streture of my house, no one will be interested to click on project and carious about it, is just boring. So that's why I am obersvating the real life strutures and maybe somehow use that into my freedom project.

 


[Next](entry02.md)

[Home](../README.md)
